Welcome to the Stash Budget App. Let's
explore how it helps you manage money
smarter. Not just follow steps, but
understand why each feature matters.
Start by creating an account, like a
checking or savings account.
Add your current balance. This is your
financial snapshot.
It helps you track everything in one
place, so you know exactly what's
available to spend. Now, log expenses as
you
spend. Categorize them, like groceries or
bills, to see patterns.
This isn't just recording. It shows you
where money goes,
helping you cut back on impulse buys and
build better habits.
Transfers move money between accounts
without real-world fees.
It's like reallocating funds digitally.
Great for saving or paying
bills. This keeps your finances organized
and prevents overdrafts.
The Transactions tab is your history log.
It lists
everything chronologically so you can
review spending and spot trends,
like Am I spending too much on dining?
This builds awareness for
smarter decisions. Statistics visualize
your
data with charts. See spending by category
or overtime.
It reveals habits you might miss, like
monthly spikes,
helping you plan ahead and save more.
Budget set limits
per category to avoid overspending. Set
one, like for groceries,
and track progress. If you add an expense
that exceeds it,
the app alerts you, teaching discipline
and preventing debt.
The tutorial tab walks you through basics
if you're new.
It's like a built-in guide. Quick tips on
accounts, expenses,
and more. Use it anytime to refresh your
knowledge. Settings
customize the app to you. Adjust font size
for
readability. Switch to dark
mode for night use, and clear your data.
It ensures the app fits your style and
needs.